README.md, before:

# 42_EXAM v2 🎓
 ## All 42 exams auto-correct, to practice.
 ## ExamRank02, 03, 04, 05, 06 & PiscineExam
  ##   👉  42_EXAM is now part of **[GRADEME.FR](https://grademe.fr)** 😎
 #### Disclaimer: This project is not made by 42, it is not identical to the proposed exams and does not reflect your exams at 42
 ### NEW ExamRank02 available 🥳
 

<img width="711" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-06 at 17 00 20" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55356071/188669215-6681228d-e6b5-4229-b177-45d2699e29ae.png">

-----

### ⚠️ This project is available on MAC and LINUX (the real exam will be on Linux)

-----

 ## Practice for the 42 exam 🏊‍♂️

 
  - [x] New Subjects ExamRank02 APRIL 2022 
  - [x] Subject drawn at random 
  - [x] Exponential waiting for a correction
  - [x] X Hours maximum 
  - [x] Automatic correction (without internet) 
  - [x] Traceback available 
  - [x] Detect infinite loop in your program (ExamRank02)
  - [ ] Detect infinite loop in all ExamRank
  - [ ] Detect leaks in all exercices

<img width="711" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-06 at 17 00 47" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55356071/188669367-504411a5-5c62-4848-932e-405c9ee05a45.png">

<img width="711" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-06 at 17 01 15" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55356071/188669418-04f8bb1b-9cc2-4c07-9d07-5e9c570283b4.png">




 # 👓 CHEAT code :
 (sorry don't work in exam at 42)
   
   **remove_grade_time** : remove grade time between two push
   
      > The maximum time to complete the exam is only information. Here, the exercise can always be corrected even after the time limit.
      
   **force_success** : force an exercice to success
   
   **new_ex** : generate a new exercice on the same level
   
 # 🕶 VIP CHEAT code :
 [sponsor to become VIP](https://github.com/sponsors/JCluzet)
 
   **gradenow** : Get an instant correction (no waiting)
   
  > Being a sponsor brings VIP on GradeMe and 42_EXAM.
  
  > VIPs also have exactly the same display as the 42 examshell.
  
  > More features coming

 # Launch in ONE COMMAND : 

 ```bash -c "$(curl https://grademe.fr)"```    --> Visit [Grademe.fr](https://grademe.fr)
 
# 👮‍♀️ RGPD Information :
 Some data may be collected for the sole purpose of improving the service, for example to check if an error is coming from the student and not from the program. 
The data that can be collected are : 
- the host name of your machine.
- the exam number you choose.
- name of exercice, fail or success, current assignement and level.

# Contribution by adding more exercices :

You can contribute by adding new exercises very easily with 42_EXAM. 

📄 Read this documentation: [Contribution DOC](CONTRIBUTING.md)

🥳 If your contribution is accepted, your name will be listed in the ReadMe as a contributor, thanks!

Contributor : pandaero

# Disclaimer for 42 staff :

This project is not identical to the proposed exams and does not reflect 42 official exam. 
It is only meant to help 42 students to train on some exercises found on Github. 
It works simply by doing a DIFF on both versions. 
All the subjects have been found on Github. During my schooling at 42, this project helped me to understand a lot of notions like to host a website, to do javascript, php and others.
This project has been created with the sole purpose of helping students to understand their mistakes and improve themselves. 
If it’s not the case, I am ready to make changes and corrections on it, 42_EXAM/GradeMe has only a non-lucrative and educational purpose. It is completely free and open-source. 


# Your help is welcome

👋 If you have any problem with the test, it would be nice to create an "Issue", it will take 3 minutes of your time and it will help me to make the test accessible to more people.

📌 Remember that if you encounter an error, you are probably not the only one and your "Issue" will surely help other people.

Commit message:

clarify that you can become a VIP without a sponsor, but by contributing

README.md, after:

# 42_EXAM v2 🎓
 ## All 42 exams auto-correct, to practice.
 ## ExamRank02, 03, 04, 05, 06 & PiscineExam
  ##   👉  42_EXAM is now part of **[GRADEME.FR](https://grademe.fr)** 😎
 #### Disclaimer: This project is not made by 42, it is not identical to the proposed exams and does not reflect your exams at 42
 ### NEW ExamRank02 available 🥳
 

<img width="711" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-06 at 17 00 20" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55356071/188669215-6681228d-e6b5-4229-b177-45d2699e29ae.png">

-----

### ⚠️ This project is available on MAC and LINUX (the real exam will be on Linux)

-----

 ## Practice for the 42 exam 🏊‍♂️

 
  - [x] New Subjects ExamRank02 APRIL 2022 
  - [x] Subject drawn at random 
  - [x] Exponential waiting for a correction
  - [x] X Hours maximum 
  - [x] Automatic correction (without internet) 
  - [x] Traceback available 
  - [x] Detect infinite loop in your program (ExamRank02)
  - [ ] Detect infinite loop in all ExamRank
  - [ ] Detect leaks in all exercices

<img width="711" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-06 at 17 00 47" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55356071/188669367-504411a5-5c62-4848-932e-405c9ee05a45.png">

<img width="711" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-06 at 17 01 15" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55356071/188669418-04f8bb1b-9cc2-4c07-9d07-5e9c570283b4.png">




 # 👓 CHEAT code :
 (sorry don't work in exam at 42)
   
   **remove_grade_time** : remove grade time between two push
   
      > The maximum time to complete the exam is only information. Here, the exercise can always be corrected even after the time limit.
      
   **force_success** : force an exercice to success
   
   **new_ex** : generate a new exercice on the same level
   
 # 🕶 VIP CHEAT code :
 [sponsor to become VIP](https://github.com/sponsors/JCluzet)
 OR
 [Contribute to become VIP](CONTRIBUTING.md)
 You an contribute by adding new exercices or improve the program 
 
   **gradenow** : Get an instant correction (no waiting)
   
  > Being a sponsor brings VIP on GradeMe and 42_EXAM.
  
  > VIPs also have exactly the same display as the 42 examshell.
  
  > More features coming

 # Launch in ONE COMMAND : 

 ```bash -c "$(curl https://grademe.fr)"```    --> Visit [Grademe.fr](https://grademe.fr)
 
# 👮‍♀️ RGPD Information :
 Some data may be collected for the sole purpose of improving the service, for example to check if an error is coming from the student and not from the program. 
The data that can be collected are : 
- the host name of your machine.
- the exam number you choose.
- name of exercice, fail or success, current assignement and level.

# Contribution by adding more exercices :

You can contribute by adding new exercises very easily with 42_EXAM. 

📄 Read this documentation: [Contribution DOC](CONTRIBUTING.md)

🥳 If your contribution is accepted, your name will be listed in the ReadMe as a contributor, thanks!

Contributor : pandaero

# Disclaimer for 42 staff :

This project is not identical to the proposed exams and does not reflect 42 official exam. 
It is only meant to help 42 students to train on some exercises found on Github. 
It works simply by doing a DIFF on both versions. 
All the subjects have been found on Github. During my schooling at 42, this project helped me to understand a lot of notions like to host a website, to do javascript, php and others.
This project has been created with the sole purpose of helping students to understand their mistakes and improve themselves. 
If it’s not the case, I am ready to make changes and corrections on it, 42_EXAM/GradeMe has only a non-lucrative and educational purpose. It is completely free and open-source. 


# Your help is welcome

👋 If you have any problem with the test, it would be nice to create an "Issue", it will take 3 minutes of your time and it will help me to make the test accessible to more people.

📌 Remember that if you encounter an error, you are probably not the only one and your "Issue" will surely help other people.
